In this video, we have another assignment
and this time we're going to go ahead
and implement a PATCH action for the
vendors. And obviously, we want to create
a new endpoint for the PATCH action and
add in some conditional logic for the
updating a vendor. I want you to use
test-driven development again, and we
want to implement the Mockito verifies
action. Make sure that, that conditional
logic is occurring properly. In the
last video, you saw me switch over to
static imports. Maybe you already did
this in your codebase, but it does make
the code a little bit cleaner. So, I'm
going to switch over to that going forward
using the static imports with Mockito
for the behavior driven development
stuff, that we've been utilizing so far
in the section of the course. I'd like
you to do that as well. And now, in the
next video, I'm going to implement this
and just as a reminder, the patch is a
pretty nebulous thing, as far as RESTful
API is there going. So, I'm going to do an
implementation of it. You don't have to
check all the properties. Remember, right,
the Vendor object has three
different properties on it. I'm more
concerned about you implementing the
business logic to go in implement that
conditional logic, and get the testing
around that. So, that's a primary goal of
this assignment. One is to be able to do
the PatchMapping, and then also, write
the test along with the proper
verifications inside the test using
Mockito. And in the next video, I'll go
through and step through my
implementation of this for you, and we'll
take that step by step.